
To configure settings (in Android 4.2.2), tap and hold your Android desktop
background.
    - select "Set wallpaper" 
    - choose from Home Screen, Lock Screen, or both 
    - select "Live Wallpapers"
    - choose "BlobDroid Wallpaper" from the list.

You should now see a demo of the animated wallpaper. From here, choose
"Settings" and configure the wallpaper as you like. You can hit the "back"
button on your device to see your changes. Once you are satisfied, be sure to
tap "Set wallpaper" from the demo screen, otherwise your changes will not be
applied.

Several preset themes are included, and their colors may be overridden. See
below for a full list.

Colors settings may be specified with hexadecimal RGB values (eg. "#00FA00"
for bright green). Since it be tedious to enter hex values without immediately
seeing your changes, a "Touch Color Selection" feature has been included (see
below). Certain color names recognized by the Android platform may also be
used (eg. "green", "cyan", "white"), but use of this feature is not
recommended.

Following are a list of the available settings with notes on their usage:

    - "Touch Color Selection"

        This setting allows a selected color value to be manipulated via the
        touchscreen. When enabled, the top 2/3 of the display may be used to
        set or fade the selected color value. You can think of the screen as
        divided into three sliders or faders, side by side: red on the left,
        blue in the middle, and green on the right. Touching the top of the
        screen sets the color value to its maximum, and sliding your finger
        towards the bottom sets the value to its minimum.

        For example, if you want white, touch the top left corner, top middle,
        and top right corner of the screen. For black, slide your finger down
        to 2/3 from the bottom of the screen, once on the left, once in the
        middle, and once on the right. The bottom third of the screen is
        disabled so that you can select "Settings" and set "Touch Color
        Selection" back to "None" once you have found a color you like.

        Please note that "Touch Color Selection" may be left enabled while the
        wallpaper is running, allowing the color to change dynamically as you
        use your device.

    The available "Touch Color Selection" options are as follows:

    - "None": 		 Default value. Touch color selection is disabled.

    - "Blob center": Touch changes color at the center of blobs, and the
                     edge of the screen border. Note that depending on the
                     individual theme, "Blob glow" might have a more
                     noticeable effect.

    - "Blob glow":	 Touch changes color of the glow radiating from blobs
                     and the screen border

        - "Background:	 Touch changes the background color. Please note that
                         with certain themes such as "Wiggle" and "Electric
                         charge," what appears to be the background is
                         actually the blob center, and vice-versa.
                         
    - "Center color"
    - "Glow color"
    - "Background color"

        For each of these settings, a color may be specified in RGB
        hexadecimal format, eg. "#RRGGBB". If you are not comfortable using
        hexadecimal values, "Touch Color Selection" should be used to select a
        color visually. The changes you make with "Touch Color Selection" will
        automatically be applied to these three settings.

    - "Use custom colors"

        This checkbox is used to select between a theme's default colors and
        your custom colors. This setting is not required if "Touch Color
        Selection" is enabled.

    - "Theme"

        Several themes are provided:

        - "Default":            Several small blue-white blobs on a black background
                                with a border.

        - "Electric charge" 	Large black blobs with blue borders, mostly
                                obscuring a light background.

        - "Fire":               Many small orange blobs on a red background
                                like bubbling lava.

        - "Glow worms":         Many tiny yellow and blue dots which light up
                                as they cross paths.

        - "Green Contour":      Three large "hollow" blobs interacting with a
                                green border.

        - "Lonely blue":        A lone blue-white dot on a black background,
                                with a border.

        - "Wiggle":             The author's personal favorite. Background is
                                nearly obscured by many black blobs, producing
                                a rippling effect. Set "Touch Color
                                Interaction" to "Blob glow" for a dramatic
                                effect.
